BUG: fix the bad error raised by HDFStore.put() (#38919)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v1.3.0.rst

- Allow custom error values for parse_dates argument of :func:`read_sql`, :func:`read_sql_query` and :func:`read_sql_table` (:issue:`35185`)
- Bug in :func:`to_hdf` raising ``KeyError`` when trying to apply
  for subclasses of ``DataFrame`` or ``Series`` (:issue:`33748`).

> - Bug in :func:`put` raising a wrong ``TypeError`` when saving a DataFrame with non-string dtype (:issue:`34274`)

Reviewer: this needs to be ``` :meth:`~HDFStore.put` ```

say this is an improved error message

Author: Oh thank you for that
It's morning in my timezone here and I just wake up 😅

Reviewer: heheh, no prob this PR looks good. just a small change.

> - Bug in :func:`put` raising a wrong ``TypeError`` when saving a DataFrame with non-string dtype (:issue:`34274`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bug in :meth:`~HDFStore.put` raising a wrong ``TypeError`` when saving a DataFrame with non-string dtype (:issue:`34274`)
```
